you know just wait you'll see let's hide
behind that Bush over there bad idea
prism very cool jacket oh please she's
only half dragon you're making this such
a big deal we're homies she'll be
totally cool with this no I was just
being a gentle cold like everyone tells
me to be so I let her win simple as that
whatever since you're being bought
skills you can stay here I on the other
hope have some branding to do
care to explain believable but I'm still
not hearing an explanation
ah prison bolt you have a good scare for
soon you'll be okay me too what's going
wrong I hope you have a good fuse if you
give me a reason why I can attack you
what is it baby
it lost her homies and you're actually
cool with this Oh
you